---
title: MISP 2.4.90 released (aka Extended Events release)
layout: post
featured: /assets/images/misp-small.png
---

A new version of MISP [2.4.90](https://github.com/MISP/MISP/tree/v2.4.90) has been released including the new extended events feature along with many updates in improvements in the API, user-interface (including many improvement in the graph editor) and many bug fixes.

The extended event feature has been added in MISP to allow users to extend events without modifying original events. For more information about the extended event feature, the blog post [Introducing The New Extended Events Feature in MISP](/2018/04/19/Extended-Events-Feature.html) include many details and use-cases where it can support organisations in their management of threat information.

Graph editor has been significantly improved including filtering on tag/type of attributes, physic of the graph is now configurable, extended MISP events are now supportedin the graph.

A new functionality has been added to control the server setting via the command line directly.

- /var/www/MISP/app/Console/cake Admin getSetting [setting]
  - setting is optional, if none set "all" is assumed
  - returns all or a specific setting's current value and metadata

- /var/www/MISP/app/Console/cake Admin setSetting [setting] [value]
  - set a given server setting by full setting name
  - for example the following will enable the import services:
  -  /var/www/MISP/app/Console/cake Admin setSetting "Plugin.Import_services_enable" 1

Task from MISP can be triggered from command line and an example of cron entry has been added in the UI.

Some improvement in the [Cortex integration](https://github.com/TheHive-Project/Cortex) and settings, to allow the configuration of TLS options and ensuring Cortex 2 compatibility.

A clarification has been introduced in the UI to clearly separate the caching of feeds and enable feeds for full import.

Roles feature has been improved to allow to set the maximum memory usage and execution time per role (e.g. useful to limit some specific API role).

STIX 2 export has been refactored and supports more features from the MISP standard format and performance was improved too.

To ensure data portability of users (GDPR), a new export button has been added to allow users to get their information in addition to the existing API for user management.Regarding GDPR compliance, MISP project [released a document about GDPR and information sharing](/compliance/gdpr/) on the topic which can help operators and users of MISP communities what are the exact impact of the regulation along why information sharing is critical in information security.

MISP default feeds updated including the (URLhaus)[http://urlhaus.abuse.ch] feed.

We would like to thank all the contributors who have been fixing bugs, contributed new features or supported us for this release.

MISP [galaxy](/galaxy.pdf), [objects](/objects.pdf) and [taxonomies](/taxonomies.pdf) were notably extended by many contributors. These are also included by default in MIS
P. Don't forget to do a `git submodule update` and update galaxies, objects and taxonomies via the UI.
